Update gsoc2023ideas.md (#717)
OWASP/www-community: pages/initiatives/gsoc/gsoc2023ideas.md

### [Bug Logging Tool (BLT)](https://owasp.org/www-project-bug-logging-tool/)

> BugHeist is a _bug-hunting & logging_ tool which allows users and companies to hunt for bugs, claim bug bounties and also to start bug-hunting sprees/contests respectively. It is preferred if the potential GSoC contributors have atleast one PR merged into BugHeist app or BLT Core. For more info on the present initiatives check [this.](https://justary27.notion.site/BugHeist-834f6e7ae2f7489785cd6297bbc4d98f)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OWASP BLT is a _bug-hunting & logging_ tool which allows users and companies to hunt for bugs, claim bug bounties and also to start bug-hunting sprees/contests respectively. It is preferred if the potential GSoC contributors have atleast one PR merged into BLT. 
```

![Preferred for "Medium" GSoC 2023 project](https://img.shields.io/badge/medium%20size%20(~175h)-preferred-green)
![Possible for "Large" GSoC 2023 project](https://img.shields.io/badge/large%20size%20(~350h)-possible-yellow)

##### Explanation of Ideas
* Crypto - create a proof of stake coin called BUG

> * Flutter - Check the [app section](https://justary27.notion.site/BugHeist-834f6e7ae2f7489785cd6297bbc4d98f) of initiatives page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Flutter - 
## App Specific Initiatives

- Add designs for a dark theme in the Figma file, then implement a generic theme manager for future themes.
- Start with app internationalization and localization (l10n).
- ***Design and build the company side part of the app.***
- ***Allow anonymous reporting*** for both logged-in and logged-out users, logged-in users should get an option to select whether to report a bug anonymously.
- ***Close most of the current issues on the app repo.***
- ***Bring the app to MVP level for both Android & iOS.***
```

* Flutter - Check the [app section](https://justary27.notion.site/BugHeist-834f6e7ae2f7489785cd6297bbc4d98f) of initiatives page.
* Django - Website integration of new design
* Private issue reporting - allow companies to switch on private issue reporting.
* Payments for issues reported - allow companies or individuals to pay big hunters

> * Browser plug-in to check bug reports - scan each site visited against a database to see if any bugs were found - we have a plug-in for chrome, let’s update it.

Reviewer: Please add this back

##### Getting Started

* [BLT Core](https://github.com/owasp/blt/)

> * [BugHeist Mobile App](https://github.com/Bugheist/Flutter/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Flutter App](https://github.com/Bugheist/Flutter/)
```

> * [BugHeist Mobile App](https://github.com/Bugheist/Flutter/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: I think we should keep a reference to the app under the previous "Flutter App" name.

Reviewer: I think we have to remove any reference of Bugheist even if it's in the URL, so lets take it out to be on the safe side.

Author: How will people know where to look for contributing on the flutter app if they want?

##### Getting Started

* [BLT Core](https://github.com/owasp/blt/)

> * [Flutter App](https://github.com/Bugheist/Flutter/)

Reviewer 2: The Flutter app looks to me like its just for Bugheist.
I dont think thats a suitable GSoC project.

Author: Flutter app has been in the GSoC ideas for BLT for the past 3 years with mentees contributing to it, additionally currently there's no commercial usage in BugHeist. Hence I think, it's a suitable one for GSoC. We also intend to remove BugHeist references in the app.

Reviewer: Yes we’re going to be correcting the app name to be BLT-Flutter and make it clear to contributors to use the BLT name.  Let’s do that first @just-ary27 and then we can add it back to the PR.  For now let’s take it out.

Reviewer 2: Cool, that sounds good!

Author: @psiinon Added the change, mergeable now.
